9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China show. I'm Ivon Man with David.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Our
top stories today, stocks across the
Asia-Pacific and precious metals on the
up. That's after this week's wild swings
uh with a strong US factory reading
helping boost sentiment.
>> India and the US striking a deal to cut
tariffs to 18% with President Trump
saying India will stop buying Russian
oil. Also ahead, China bans hidden
corridor handles, outlawing a design
made popular by Tesla following several
deadly incidents.
>> President Trump unveiling a 12 billion
critical minerals reserve to minimize
reliance on Chinese rare earths.
And I'm Averil Hong at the Singapore Air
Show where leaders in global aerospace
and defense are gathering for the 10th
edition of one of the world's most
influential aviation summits. We'll
discuss the business environment and
impact of geopolitical headwinds with
DASO Aviation and Philippine Airlines
later in the show.
>> All right, we're finally getting some
calm across these markets. It feels a
little bit more normal.
>> Yes. uh after what has been a whirlwind
in terms of precious metals. So at least
uh we have seen maybe some dip buying
when it comes to the whole commodities
complex. That certainly is one thing
that's helping with risk sentiment here
today. But certainly uh there's a lot of
talk about you know where does it leave
people? People are there's a lot of
households even Chinese investors that
are still nursing their wounds here when
it comes to what happened with gold and
silver.
>> Yeah. The the the crowd that got in
quite late and I think today you have
you look across Chinese media we'll talk
more about this later. you have some
banks tightening some supervision around
risk as it pertains to risk uh appetites
and and retail investing. Uh we'll get
into all of that in a moment. Dip buying
of course as far as the copper story is
concerned. You did some of state buyers.
We'll talk more about that too uh later
on. Uh what's interesting though is
clearly we're in much better shape today
than we were this time yesterday. Uh
there was though somewhat of an
underperformance overnight in in Chinese
assets you know amidst the broader
comeback or stability following the US
eco print.
>> It's been a weak start to the year for
for and I think we were expecting at
least the December numbers were actually
were looking a bit better that maybe we
would kick off 2026 on a better note but
I think this was you know the fact that
we're back in contraction when it comes
to PMI that certainly is a bit of a a
warning signal that maybe there needs to
be some more urgency on the policy side
of things. I think be changing
now.
>> Okay. Yeah. As we approach of course the
the long holiday in about two and a half
weeks or so. So we'll see what happens
with this uh going into the thick of
Feb. Uh just on that very note right a
quick glance at market action as you can
see things are largely stable if not
reversing almost completely. In fact,
when you look at Korea uh which closed
lower over 5%, we had of course the big
uh trade deal overnight between the US
and India. The move today on your
screens doesn't quite capture the full
move. Uh the momentum certainly is
continuing following the move from uh
the overnight session. Uh the dollar is
weaker which I guess helps. Uh the
silver is up 8% just a normal day in the
precious metals market. Uh although
we've been tracking 10day vault on this
one still um generational high right
highs in at least 45 years on 10day
vault actual volume on on on spot
silver. Uh copper is also coming back as
well. So we're looking at this entire
cohort of metals across the Chinese
markets and we'll see what happens with
that. Speaking of just the largely
stable but underperforming cohort
overnight and as you can see despite the
US rally we did see of course some of
the proxies overnight uh falling uh 1.3%
the approach to the open to the A50
futures you have copper coming online
dollar China 5500 is a level to watch in
the Hen tech index and we are called
higher going into the Tuesday session.
>> Yep. So in terms of your agenda here
today, uh the energy material side is
certainly going to be still a a top
thing about whether we do see this, you
know, sustained moves when it comes to
this recovery. Autos is very interesting
here when we talk about uh the changes
that we're seeing from regulators here
on these hidden doors uh among EVs and
really this is going to impact a lot of
the EV sector here today. So watching
that sector very closely. There is a
trading debut with East Rock. We're
talking about FNB and then Wooi lead
intelligence certainly one to watch
there as well. Certainly, we've been
watching uh the listings there, Alibaba
and Hong Kong retail sales to kind of
wrap up the day there too, Dave.
>> Yeah. Uh the Alibaba story, I think, is
down to a separate report on India in
India and financial and Alip pay. So,
we'll see what if that has some bearing
on trading today. Couple of levels to
watch because we took some out
yesterday. We did see some support on
some. So, CSI 100 day MEI China 50-day
moving average worst day for MCI China
going back to November. And of course,
we talked about the 5,500 level on the
Hangen Tech Index. We did manage to
close just above that yesterday. So,
we'll see what the future holds in about
20 uh or so minutes from now.
>> Let's bring in Kinder Lao, chief China
equity strategist at Goldman Sachs. Uh
great to have you on. It just seems like
precious metals has been kind of taking
the spotlight even among Chinese
investors that have been pretty burned
from this sort of whipssaw that we saw
across the metal space. How do you think
that impacts if anything the equity
market?
>> Well, certainly is um disruptive in the
short term and you can you can see the
price actions uh yesterday or in the
past few days. I think it has created
some spillover effects uh from a
liquidity perspective. Um that's what
you see what I would call as
undiscriminated selling across uh
different cohorts. But I don't think it
changes our overall or overarching
thesis on Chinese equities for this year
which is that we think the market will
continue to go higher but the driver of
returns will likely shift from valuation
expansion rerating which was the case in
2025 to earnings growth in 2026. So on
the forecast we think that uh corporate
earnings will accelerate the growth will
accelerate from 4% last year to 14% that
uh this year. So that will be the major
driver of equity returns for China.
>> And what's going to drive what's going
to drive that earning story in terms of
industry groups?
>> Well the few things um so thematically I
would say the key things would be AI. So
AI implementation AI investment would be
one of the key contributors to earnings
growth. On top of that, I think the
trend for Chinese corporates going
global that would be conducive to uh
profit growth for the aggregate uh
sector and last but not less
anti-involution uh that would be the key
in terms of creating better supply
demand profile for particularly
technical sectors. But when it comes to
sector tech uh would be the key one.
>> Why do you think tech has underperformed
the last few months? Hanging tech
specifically that's really that's almost
close to testing multi-month lows on the
benchmark itself on the hanging tech
index specifically
>> right uh a few things I I think tech is
a very broad sector so I think the the
ones that are lagging somewhat are sort
of the software internet technology
companies but hardware tech they're
still doing very well so I think we need
to be a little bit more selective in
terms of okay picking the the right
pockets but overall from a profit growth
standpoint we think this will be the big
year for back.
>> How how much does the the macro picture
change if at all this year? I'm just
wondering, you know, largely last year
it was completely divorced from this
market, right? People didn't really care
about the fundamentals.
>> Do you think in this year this is going
to be continued the case where, you
know, AI is going to continue to drive
this whole market higher and we forget
about what really is happening in in the
domestic economy? Well, I would slightly
push back to the idea that we're talking
a a complete dichconomy between the real
economy and the financial markets
because particular for this year, we
think that uh GDB growth will be quite
solid. So, we have 4.8% uh real GDP
growth for China which is somewhat above
consensus and the main driver of that is
besides investment domestic consumption
is exports. We think the export momentum
for China will remain very solid uh
going into 2026. So I think that
provides some fundamental support to the
market and that's why we have uh
relatively bullish views on earnings for
this year.
>> Yeah. And I think you go back to the
going global theme that you mentioned,
right? Is that mostly a is that a car
maker story? Like what sectors do I look
at to take advantage of the
>> perception among investors that China is
selling a lot of what we call as
tradable goods to the world, right? Uh
EVs, uh Tesla and things like that. But
I think the other quite quite important
and emerging trend in terms of export
story for China is we are selling more
services
>> okay
>> to the world right look at healthcare
companies look at cultural entertainment
but overall we think the the the export
story is is looking really attractive
longer term uh I think one thing that uh
maybe just deflect uh if you look at S&P
500 companies for example right now they
generate about 28% of their revenues
overseas but for China in aggregate
across Ross AH and ADL 6,000 companies
on average they're talking we're talking
about 16%.
>> So the market share gains from China
corporates and from a global perspective
remains very uh compounding.
>> Okay. Um so in terms of the playbook
this year what would what would be the
the best sort of portfolio to have when
it comes to Chinese equities? Well, let
let me say a few things that kind of
across the the whole equity universe.
From a market perspective, we like both
ah so we remain overweight uh in the
regional context. Uh from a sector
perspective, as I said, tech AI would be
the key theme.
>> Uh besides that, uh we're also
overweight on insurance. We think
there's a pretty good story to tell when
it comes to better equity market
performance and valuations being unh
undemanding. uh we still overweight
materials uh despite the correction in
uh precious and metal prices because we
think this is a very good proxy for the
anti-inflution push by the government.
>> Yeah. Can can I ask our producers to
bring the materials chart up again? I
think the point you're making too is
we've really seen a substantial rally in
whether that's the CSI 300 materials
index I think or the MCI gauge also has
there we go quite substantial. How are
you looking at valuations given a rally
that's let's let's call it price has
about doubled from about yeah
>> last year.
>> Yeah it was the best performing sector
in 2025 and we think that momentum is
going to continue because we think the
demand supply backdrop remains quite
flavorable for most of the uh uh metals
cohort. Uh on top of that if you look at
valuations we're talking about midcycle
valuations we're not talking about very
extended valuation from here. So um
clearly uh a lot of the good news is
already in the price but you think the
momentum is going to continue.
>> Okay.
>> I was going to get your take the latest
report you guys came out about whether
this stock rally is actually helping in
terms of generating wealth for that
whole overall wealth effect.
>> You're saying that it actually doesn't
create that sort of boost to
consumption. Why why are we not seeing
that play out? Well, let let me take you
back and we would say incrementally it's
helpful,
>> but what we're trying to say is relative
to the relative to the size of the
housing market, right? because the
housing market is still a big part of
the Chinese household asset allocation.
Right now, Chinese households still
allocate about 55% of their wealth in
the housing market. And given a downturn
in the housing market, we think uh the
uh rally in the stock market may not
fully offset the drag from the housing
market. That that's the that's the key
point. But uh clearly sentiment has
improved. uh you look at all our
indicators which suggest that retail
investors are now become more risk
loving uh less risk averse in
>> well they're buying silver
>> yeah buying gold buying silver and I
think uh we what we can see particularly
in Hong Kong I think we're seeing some
spill overall of the help from wealth
effects um so in aggregate it's not
going to move the kind of change the
whole picture but I think for sect
sectors and areas I think it's helpful
>> um best tactical opportunity and let me
let
Uh let me caveat that we saw massive
move in property names since we talked
about
>> the housing story as the biggest
potential driver consumption to your to
the point
>> is that a good technical opportunity if
it's not that what what is
>> well fundamentally we think the housing
market is still going through a
downturn. Yeah.
>> Uh so we think housing prices may bottom
sometime in the next 12 months. So we
still have another 12 months to go in
terms of the downturn. Um but when it
comes to policy support, we think the
government is going to focus more on the
property market this year. So when it
comes to tactical trade, yeah, given how
much the stock prices have fallen, then
I think uh some investors might see it
as a interesting opportunities. But when
it comes to uh areas outside of the
housing market, we think um technical
trade, I would say commodities, given a
downturn, given a sell off, I think it's
time to re-engage.
>> Okay. Wow. Exciting. Fantastic. Kinder,
thank you so much as always. Nice to see
you, sir. Uh Kinder Lao there, chief
China equity strategist at at Goldman
Sachs. Coming up on your screens, 9 and
a half% in Tokyo. Uh buyback 500
billion. That's Japanese yen. Uh fiscal
2027 going into 2028. That so we're
going into that fiscal year specifically
in a couple of in a couple of months. Uh
shares are up 10% there. Uh as far as
the Japanese company's concerned.
>> Yep. They've also raised their fullear
operating income outlook. Really beyond
market estimates as well. So the
guidance was also good on that hike.
Growth hopes and the like is really kind
of leading their shares uh the highest
the most in a year really in the highest
level since 2000 for Kia Sera. Coming
up, China bans the hidden car door
handles made popular by Tesla in a world
first safety policy. Well, the details
coming up next and we're kind of the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
Hong Kong. This is the China show.
Right. Big news overnight in the auto
industry could have global uh
repercussions here. So, China is banning
concealed door handles on electric
vehicles, becoming the first country to
outlaw a design originally made popular
by Tesla. On your screen, some of the
graphics to help explain these graphics
and the broader implications. Midman,
our China correspondent is here with us
to tell us more about these new rules.
Yeah. So, the Chinese authorities have
put out pretty specific rules, including
just exactly how big the door handle
should be, like how big the recess is
there for the hand to go in to grab the
handle. Uh, it requires a mechanical
release both inside and outside the door
and a signage inside to tell people how
to open up those doors. And this comes
after a spate of deadly accidents,
right? Remember mid last year there was
a Xiaomi car that caught fire and often
times people can't escape when there is
a power failure and they can't open the
door. Uh and so this has come under
scrutiny and because China is such a
huge market industry analysts are saying
that uh it has the potential to
influence global norms because Chinese
car makers are unlikely to I mean it
doesn't make sense for them to have
different car handles for different
markets. So it could potentially be
exported across the world.
>> Okay. So this is of course the first
sort of regulation that we've seen when
it comes to these sort of handles. I
mean what's it going to take to kind of
make these changes? What cost and impact
would this have on car makers?
>> Yeah. So one of the biggest costs is the
remodeling of the cars. So some uh
sources in the industry are saying that
it could cost more than 100 million UN
per model to redesign the car handles.
Uh and at the same time it also makes
some of the existing uh measures
obsolete. So some models they have for
example the backup batteries for the
cars. The Teslas have these hidden
mechanical pull cables to release the
cars. Often times they are hidden under
unlabeled uh pedals could be uh under a
mat could be in a sight car pocket for
example. So these would be obsolete. Uh
Tesla for one. Their car handles have
also been under scrutiny in the US as
well because of accidents. So they have
said they will comply with these rules.
They'll try to make their mechanical
release systems more uh intuitive as
well. And this is just the first of many
new rules that are to come because the
Chinese government is also looking into
for example regulating how fast a
vehicle can accelerate from a standstill
and also ramping up oversight of the
driver assisted systems as well.
>> Yeah, interesting some of the figures
here Minman in terms of just clearly a
lot of cars have the design that they
need to be revisited. I wonder what
people are saying on social media
because you know some people just
purchase a vehicle. You know some people
have paid for something they haven't
taken delivery of it. Do they change
their mind and wait for the new ones to
come out?
>> Yeah. Yeah. It affects many models
because about 60% of the cars available
now among the top selling EVs have these
concealed door handles. But actually
people online are very supportive of
this because of the accidents we have
seen right and people have been
complaining about the car doors for a
while. Uh some people are saying that
the the rules should have come in much
earlier and safety comes first. And uh
some people are saying that the the new
car doors have no other purposes except
to look good. And some are saying it
doesn't even look that that much nicer.
And personally, I actually don't really
like the press to release door because
you have to press it with one hand and
open with with another hand. So you need
two hands to open the door. It's a bit
complicated. But many of these doors are
now many of these car makers are
>> I'm trying to see do I use two hands? I
think you have to like you have to press
it to pop it open.
>> Yes. Yes, it is.
>> So if you're carrying a lot of things,
it's kind of difficult, right?
>> Oh, I see what you're doing. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
>> Yeah. So people are supportive of the
changes.
>> There's a safety aspect to it. Um
>> and actually some engineers are saying
the the original intention of these
hidden corridors is actually to reduce
drag, but the impact is very minimal.
Some engineers are saying it could
increase your range by 5 to 10
kilometers.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. Um but yeah, safety comes first.
>> All right, Mman, thank you. We're trying
to correspond there uh on and we'll
check the EV space uh when they do start
to reopen the pre-market here. Another
scoop that we're watching out for is
Elon Musk, right? SpaceX has acquired
his artificial intelligence startup XAI
ahead of a planned IPO set to value the
company and the combination of more than
a trillion dollars. Uh let's bring in
Belle. She's been tracking the story for
us. What do we know at this point?
>> What we know at this point is that it's
really I I guess bringing together Elon
Musk's overall ambition, which is to
dominate both AI and also space
exploration. So, this combined entity is
interesting because obviously SpaceX has
been one of his most successful
companies or one of his most successful
startups. XAI has a really significant
cash burn rate at this point in time. So
bringing these together essentially is
what he is saying is the most ambitious
vertically integrated innovation engine
on and off earth. That's a quote that he
has in the memo that he gave to
employees. But you can see here just
some of the metrics around it. Now this
isn't this is our according to our
sources this information. It wasn't
confirmed by the company aside from the
merger but but in terms of the valuation
that $1.25 25 trillion. Uh that's1
trillion for SpaceX, 250 billion for
XAI, and then also still pursuing
possibly an IPO this year. That's what
we're again hearing from people that are
close to the matter. Shares could be
priced at around 52659
a piece.
>> Uh how did how did Elon Musk explain the
logic uh behind the deal?
>> This is a logic uh essentially that
we've heard from a he's not the only
one. There's there's a number of
different space companies that are
trying to do this, but it's about
putting data centers into space. So his
idea is that in the next 2 to 3 years,
the best way to do AI computations is
going to be going into orbit. And and
that is something that we hear for
instance from Jeff Bezos's uh space
company as well. Uh there's StarCloud
for instance, it's already launched or
started that launch of putting data
centers into space. So it sounds really
good in theory because you're getting
cheaper energy. you've got potentially
infinite space or you do have infinite
space but at the same time there are
really significant engineering hurdles
around this uh that they still need to
deal with as well. So you've got to be
able to maintain these massive solar
panels. You've got to be able to
withstand or protect the electronics
from these really harsh cosmic rays as
well. So there's lots of different sort
of obstacles or hurdles that they still
need to get around. But that's sort of
what Elon Musk is thinking here is this
is where he sees uh the the AI landscape
moving. Bill, thank you. Annabelle there
um on the latest deal. Uh just very
quickly, we're at 27,000 on the Hanging
Index. We're looking at some miners,
some big financials leading the early
gains here. 6 minutes to the opening
bell. This is the China Show.
A rally is uh the likely early scenario
across these markets. Call it 1% on the
Hen index. Some strength coming through
in the Chinese currency. As you can see,
sub694
now on the offshore gauge. Uh a couple
of stocks to watch and across sectors of
course given just the how different
things seem to be this time around
compared to yesterday.
>> Yeah, we're watching some of these rare
earth stocks here today. According to
our reporting here about President Trump
launching this 12 billion minerals
stockpile when it comes to rare earth as
a way to counter China. You are seeing
some of the rallying here this morning.
Uh COC getting an upgrade here when it
comes to HSBC. So raising the eight
shares to a buy here with a price target
of just around 240 right now. So the
stock is up uh some 6%. But certainly
we're watching of course the copper
story and how that all plays out.
Zigjing Mining HSBC also moving quite a
bit here Dave. Yeah. Uh, HSBC of course
has been leading one of the
outperformers in the last couple of
weeks. So, markets are taking this
opportunity to buy into that dip. Zigji
Mining of course on the back of the dip
in gold and hence the stock price too.
Uh, East Rock is a trading debut today.
Should be coming up on your screens.
We'll talk more about it as we approach
the open coming up next.
Right, welcome back. Uh going into the
open today, uh we're feeling the
tailwinds coming through, right? Surge
in uh Tokyo and Soul uh on the Cosby
index. If you're curious, that takes us
back to levels
around 9:05 a.m. yesterday. There we go.
So, almost almost all the way back. So,
hence this is the world we're in, right?
We're getting a 5% move with RACK. We're
treating as normal. Um, copper is up,
silver's up about 7% last we checked,
and that seems to be on the lower side
given the bigger moves we've seen
recently. I mean the V. Yeah, certainly
just you have to contend with this V and
you know the the indigestion that you're
feeling certainly is is not just you
right certainly are feeling it here on
the desk as well as we track the the the
price action here which has been kind of
back and forth really when it comes to
the precious metal space but at least
today we have seen a bit of
stabilization in the commodity complex
as well. So that is helping at least
sentiment when it comes to equities,
right? So you take take a look at copper
for example seems to still recover.
Shanghai crude though somehow still
heading lower by about 4%. But certainly
we're seeing when it comes to the
onshore market CSI 300 is up some 1%
here today. So we are doing much better
uh than yesterday. Capricorn tech is up
1%. some of the big sort of insurers
which Kindra La from Goldman saying you
know given the equity volatility and the
like should be benefiting this part of
the financial cohort there we're up 1%
for ping on insurance as well watch
closely what happens with the EV space
just given that that the story from
China about how they you know the new
regulations when it comes to EV hidden
door handles and whether that applies to
the supply chain like CL not much
movement there so far but qua multi is
also up some 1 and a half% or so so
let's see if we can drink up this risk
sentiment here drink up a bit more risk
here today in Hong Kong. Let's take a
look at how this dashboard is looking
like here today when the rest of the
markets are doing quite well, right?
When you take a look, you know, Japan's
up 3%, Cosby is close to 5% gains here.
HStech is bit up here with the Hangen
now, uh, closely going back to that
27,000 handle there as well. We talked
about HSBC and really how in the
financial space, this has been one of
the outperformers. We're up another 2%
here. Uh, also watching, of course, the
EV space, which we'll get to in a bit
here. Um yeah, dollar China is still on
on the stronger side of things. We're at
693 levels here. Um certainly what we've
been in the property space, there you
go. HSB is up another 1%. So uh you know
the property space, financials continue
to do quite well. Tech as well today at
least uh is also leading the charge with
BU and Tencent as the exception though.
Uh we're watching of course the auto
stocks as we talk about here. So you
know China is the first to to ever kind
of do something like this here, right?
where they're banning these hidden car
door handles. What it's going to take
for, you know, automakers to to redesign
uh these models certainly is going to be
the big factor here. Analysts have said,
you know, it's it's really the high-end
luxury sort of models that might be the
most impacted. Neo certainly maybe
you're seeing that as well. We're down
2% uh there, but the rest of the space
looking a little bit better, taking it
in stride for now. Uh there is a listing
debut to tell you about here in the Hong
Kong Exchange, East Rock. This is a
beverage company. Uh there you go.
Unchanged for the stock so far. So uh
not much in Yeah, for once
>> they're not drinking it up right now. Uh
rare earths, this is the big one as well
when you talk about the what the US is
doing here uh in launching this 12
billion dollar minerals stockpile when
it comes to rare earths as a way to
counter China. You are seeing some of
these rare earth stocks rallying on that
report.
>> Yeah, we're also getting some comments
coming through here out of the Japanese
uh on that too. um concerned about some
of the rare earth curve might be
affecting supply. That's that's down to
something else. We'll get to project
vault uh in a moment. Uh a couple of
other things to tell you about as we go
into the thick of things. And as we look
at this rally across these markets, so a
couple of levels to watch. Uh we did see
a decent and I think somewhat resilient
bounce over uh on some of these moving
averages. Mi China of course 50-day
moving average. Hangen Tech, I know
that's a nice round number. That's a
level roughly where we've seen some
decent support going back to I think
about August or July of last year.
Almost took it out, almost closed below
that. We're clearly trading way above
that. uh given the rally we're seeing
today. Uh just very quickly the dollar a
glance at some of the precious metals
and of course US futures on the back of
all the news overnight whether that's
the US economic print or project vault
of course coming through here uh which
did lead of course to a some market
reaction in the US session. Nick Watams
is here of course with us on set. He
leads our national security coverage.
Very nice to see you.
>> Hey thanks for having me.
>> What a time for you to be here in town.
tell us about this.
>> So, basically the Trump administration
is setting up this $12 billion strategic
reserve of critical minerals. Couple
things going on. One is it's really
designed to insulate companies, private
companies in the US. So, um Boeing, uh
bunch of others, uh GM, uh from price
shocks and volatility as they try to
collect these critical minerals. It's
also sort of a shot across the bow with
China. The US gets so much of its
critical minerals from China. They're
really trying to wean themselves off and
in the meantime basically looking to
protect themselves a little bit so that
if China decides to further restrict or
dial back exports of critical minerals,
hopefully there will be a little bit of
cushion in the system.
>> It's sort of what they've been doing
with emergency oil stockpiles in some
ways, right? How do you think this is
all going to be constructed and how
how's it going to work with the private
sector too?
>> Well, uh, you know, so much of the
detail has not been resolved yet. It
looks like there will be a system
whereby companies will essentially get
price guarantees. Okay, we agree to buy
critical minerals at a certain price
level. Then we would put uh critical
minerals back into the system. Uh it
would also give them sort of more
specificity and assurance on what the
contracts would look like over the long
term. So sort of stabilizing things long
term as well as creating a healthy
supply. But, you know, with the Trump
administration, there's very much a seat
of the pants kind of uh situation, as
you have noticed for a long time, where
they announce something and then fill in
the details later. This is not fully
baked. So, it's going to take many
months to figure out what this actually
looks like.
>> And where are they going to get some of
the stuff? Because clearly, if that was
an easy endeavor, they would have had
the vault already.
>> I mean, this is the great issue. So what
they're doing is essentially saying here
we're going to look to reduce price
volatility and and uh decrease the
chance of shocks but we still have to
get this stuff from China. I mean the
issue is the refining capacity. Where is
the refining capacity? There's plent
there are plenty of critical minerals
all around the world. I mean the US has
them allies have these critical
minerals. These in many cases these are
not rare but the issue is just the
refining capacity is so uh such a heavy
poller that so few countries actually
want to do it. China is willing to do
it. So you still have a situation where
US companies will be very reliant on
China to procure these materials.
>> There's there's the nuance in context.
Thank you so much. Uh Nick Watam's there
who leads our national security coverage
here in town with us. Coming up here on
shows, the US and India sealing a trade
deal linked to the Modi government
cutting purchases of Russian crude. The
details next, plus analysis from CSIS.
Right, welcome back and good morning if
you're just waking up and figuring out
why we didn't see some massive moves in
Indian proxies and ADRs overnight. This
trade deal of course we'll get into the
details in a moment but yes markets have
already reacted to it. We are seeing
incremental gains in the nifty contract
as we speak. It's come live in the last
40 minutes or so. This takes us into of
course the open today. President Trump
says that he will reduce tariffs on
India to 18%. 18. That's not quite as
low as Pierce, but it's low, I guess,
enough compared to uh where that it used
to be. Prime Minister Modi then agreed
to stop purchasing Russian oil. Derek
Walbank is with us out of San Francisco,
our senior editor, to take us through
the fine prints. Derek,
>> David, you know, it's it's really uh
simple here. Uh you know, we're waiting
on the text of this deal, so let's let's
sort of keep a a pin in place there. But
at a very very high level um the tariff
on India goes from 25% down to 18. In
fact it actually goes as high as from
50% down to 18. That's because not only
is Donald Trump taking the reciprocal
tariff down, he's also getting rid of
the uh of the tariff that was put in
place to try and disincentivize uh India
away from Russian oil. uh Trump's
basically declaring here that uh India's
done a good enough job with that and
sort of rebaselining the relationship
around this 18% number. uh unequivocally
I think uh good news for Indian
equities, good news for um you know for
Indian companies that had been really
really uh I would say both both
struggling to figure out how to advance
forward in a in a sort of situation
where they were the only country getting
this oil uh levy. At the same time it
answers some questions I think that a
lot of people have had about the US
India relationship. Remember Donald
Trump and Narendra Modi have made no
secret of the fact that they are uh sort
of allies on the world stage independent
of their country just like personal
allies. They have put forward the idea
that they have a very warm relationship
for years and years and years. And there
had been a a view in I think India
somewhat widely that basically says okay
if we're supposed to be friends what's
going on here where is all of this sort
of warmth and good friendship and good
ties where is that gotten us? It's
gotten us to a position where we're
maybe at a disfavorable trade policy
compared to some of our neighbors. And
so that had I think rankled a lot of of
people in New Delhi. Um and this is a
chance you know potentially for a reset
between the two powers. Uh the the US
ambassador to India Sergio Gore uh said
that the relationship between Modi and
Trump is great and he described it as I
quote having limitless potential US and
India relationship.
>> Yeah. Derek, when when the president
mentioned about, you know, part of this
deal is is the Russian oil angle that
that Modi has agreed to to stop buying
it. Do we know if the Indians have
agreed on a complete halt of Russian
crude? What what do we know at this
point?
>> Devil's in the details, Ivonne. I think
that the president is deciding that we
are at good enough right now. Um and you
know, let's see the paperwork when it
comes out, right? Let's see what actual
commitments wind up being there. Um, but
I think that it's pretty clear that the
president is trying to sort of move
forward at this moment. Uh, sort of put
a put a pin in this and and go forward.
Now, we are waiting on not just
paperwork on this, but a paperwork on a
fair number of other trade things that
Donald Trump has said are coming
imminently. Um, so there is a lot sort
of at stake there as well as a Supreme
Court decision we're waiting on in the
United States in terms of the legality
of all of these reciprocal tariffs in
the first place. So there may be, you
know, some more to be said here. But
look, the geostrategically India is a
country that the US has been trying to
get on side for a very long time. The
entire idea of an Indo-Pacific
kind of uh a agreement and and focus is
really geared towards getting India to
be a big part of the idea of what the
Pacific means in the first place. You've
seen the US move forward with things
like the Quad uh trying to bring India
closer in a defense context as well. And
this trade policy was really I think if
you talk to people on both sides of of
uh the ocean you would say that this
trade policy was kind was getting in the
way of a lot of that and was really if
you look at sort of where Mod's
attention had been over the last couple
of months pushing India a little bit
towards some of the nations that the US
would rather them not be as close to. Uh
I think the US would rather have New
Delhi come closer to Washington.
Instead, it looked like over the last
couple of month uh months that New Delhi
was going closer to Beijing and closer
to Moscow. Um and so this is a step
toward getting India maybe closer to
back on side. And so there's a lot of
things kind of going into this decision.
Oil may be a headline event here, but
make no mistake, this is a larger
decision than just about where India
buys its oil from.
>> Yep. Closer to Brussels as well. Um
Derek, thank you. Our senior editor
Derrick Wban joining us from San
Francisco on that US and India trade
deal. Joining us now from Washington is
Rick Rosau, senior adviser and chair on
India and emerging Asia economics at
CSIS. Rick, it's great to have you on
the program. Uh so we finally we mean
long anticipating some sort of trade
deal between these two nations. Can we
call this one a reset for India and US
now?
>> Yeah, I think you know Dererick had it
right. the a lot of the day-to-day
government interactions have been slowed
down because this was such a cinder in
the eye that uh getting this uh resolved
and moving forward is really critical
for all the other areas that we want to
cooperate on. Uh you've had very little
discussions about energy, very few
discussions between our treasury and
finance departments and that's going to
be harder to avoid this year when the
United States is hosting G20 meetings
all throughout the year. So this
definitely should set in motion a lot of
the other government to government
engagements that had really been held in
abance over the last year.
>> Yeah. So Rick, just on that note then,
what then do you think we should be
watching? What are we ignoring as far as
the sort of relationship between the
discussions around finance and treasury?
>> Well, you know, probably the single
biggest thing that uh keeps getting that
can keeps getting kicked down the road
is actually the resumption of senior
level quad meetings. Now, of course, uh
the the day after Trump's inauguration,
you had quad quad foreign ministers
meeting in Washington. They had one more
meeting at the minister level over the
summertime but this has been elevated to
the leader level and you really do need
the leaders to be able to strike out new
directions, create new work streams and
make those work streams really quite
concrete. So that's the first thing that
I would say but you do have uh the World
Bank IMF meetings coming up uh very
soon. So India's finance minister is
expected to be out in Washington in two
months. You certainly wouldn't like to
see that avoided you know the
collaboration that we've had in that
space. You know sometimes it's on
anti-terrorism financing, sometimes it's
on financial inclusion. I'm sure there's
a lot of discussions to be had as well
over financing, a lot of these big
initiatives that the United States and
India both have on artificial
intelligence. So, a lot of positive
things generally in the finance
dialogue, but again, those have been
really put put on freeze for for quite
some time now.
>> Yeah. And whether they can actually
separate, you know, the security and and
the commerce side of things is one
thing. I I want to bring it back to the
link that this trade deal has on on the
purchases of Russian oil.
>> Yeah.
How feasible is it for India to to
actually stop buying Russian crude? You
know, is a complete halt actually
feasible?
>> I think it's feasible. You've seen India
actually bend under US pressure in times
past for its uh hydrocarbon purchases
from Venezuela and Iran. And you look
back seven or eight years ago, India had
no hydrocarbon purchases from Russia.
They got alternative suppliers that can
feed in the same kind of crude oil that
India needs for its refineries. So there
is optionality, but it comes at a price.
you know the price differential was
somewhere between 10 and $15 a barrel
but um you know India's trade deficit
has maintained more or less status quo
at about $300 billion for a goods trade
deficit and the economy continues to
grow so they can they can fi finance it
and support it if they need to they got
other forms of money coming in they have
a very healthy uh services trade surplus
a lot of remittances foreign investment
coming in so they can bear that pain if
they want to and and we've seen other
instances they've done but you know we
we have a president's uh social media
hit saying that this was the deal uh
we've at other times when India actually
did not concur with the president's uh
own admittances on social media. So in
the morning I think hopefully this will
get a little bit clearer as to what
India actually agreed to on Russian oil.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Devil will be the details
here. Rick the u the 18%
tariff which obviously is much lower
than the previous setting but they
didn't quite get what the others got in
terms of the 15%. Do I read into that as
somewhat
um you know the the US not being able to
get as much concessions out of India or
am I overthinking this?
>> No, I think you're right. Um President
Trump appeared to press India very hard
for uh market access on basic
agriculture products. Basic agriculture,
you know, that's really the staple for
almost half of India's workforce. Grow a
small small plot of land, have really no
ability to get that product out to
global markets. So opening up basic
agriculture would really impact hundreds
of millions in India that don't have a
lot of other career options. So there's
always been kind of a bright line. It's
just a question about when President
Trump would kind of agree. It's not a
negotiating stance. It's a bright line.
But that means that of course we're not
going to put everything on the table we
could have uh in terms of uh uh you know
offering India zero duty access to the
US market. But you know also it's
important to note that trade between the
United States and India has been
remarkably resilient. You know, here we
are for a year under trade pressures uh
for many months now where you've had
specific tariffs brought against India
and we actually had a significant bump
about 16% increase in goods trade in the
last year. So uh you know a little bit
of a tail off at the end but overall you
know pretty sustained even even in front
of tariffs because there's been big
carveouts. The 50% number isn't actually
the applied tariff. Some of India's big
exports to the United States on
pharmaceuticals and things had actually
been exempted from that. So, we do have
a bit of space even under the old regime
where it wasn't quite as bad as it
looked like on paper, but this certainly
will open things up.
>> And as you mentioned, the president
likes to kind of throw out really big
numbers in terms of, you know, all these
trade deals that he's carved out with
with Japan with with South Korea about
the amount investment pledges. This time
around, it's a $500 billion one that
India will purchase more than that
amount of goods.
You know, what do we have to look out
for? you know the agricultural side I
know you mentioned is one thing but you
know will this after actually come into
fruition
>> yeah one one big question that was not
part of the social media hit on that was
what's the time frame we're talking
about you know India's crossing 5
trillion it's going to be a 15 trillion
a 20 trillion economy so if we're
talking many years in the future hitting
that number should be relatively easy
and straightforward India though it's
not a command economy so ultimately
committing to that if they actually want
to execute and carry it through a a lot
of that is probably going to happen
after Trump has left office and maybe
future presidents are going to be
putting a bit less pressure. But then B
you think about the areas the government
of India actually controls the purse
strings and it's hydrocarbons and
defense primarily. So that's the area
where they have a bit of bit of control
to move the needle in terms of where
they buy from and what they buy. For
most other areas uh it's actually Indian
private companies. Now sometimes they do
bow a little bit to Indian government
pressure but um but I think you know
understanding the time frame for that
number uh how much India expects the
government to buy and how much pressure
they could put on the private sector you
know that's again the kind of details
we're going to look for when we see a
little bit more uh a little bit more
nuance
>> Rick just more a broad question just to
end uh can investors now I we've seen a
lot of progress right India US India EU
you know several visits between the
Chinese and US presidents to each
other's
countries this year. Can we relegate
geopolitics as a as a key risk to watch
for investors? Now
>> I don't I don't think it's a risk. I
mean at the end of the day um China is
the uh the country where India's had the
most tension in recent years. Armed
clashes at the border, concerns about
maritime security. I think India at this
moment they realize you know China's
been taking a bit of pressure off the
border that a lot of what India wants to
move into on semiconductor manufacturing
electronics and such as you were talking
about the previous segment you can't do
that without critical minerals and rare
earths and China dominates that area so
I think India's kind of resumed trade
trying to rebuild ties they want to get
what they can extract what they can from
the relationship balance it a little bit
more but when China invaded the United
States was the first country that called
and offered assistance um and so I think
at the end of the day when you think
about the threats India faces and who's
there with them. Uh the United States
kind of stands up. So trade certainly
has been an impediment to doing other
things on the security relationship, but
I think India's ready to work with us
because ultimately we've been there when
the chips were low and not asked for a
lot in return.
>> Rick, thank you for the time. So I know
it's getting late for you there. Rick
Roso there, senior adviser and chair on
India and emerging Asia economics at
CSIS. If you're one of our Bloomberg
clients, you can rewatch that interview
on TV. Go just run that function. You
can scroll back to this or uh some
others that you might have missed
throughout the programming today. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right, checking markets and we are
looking pretty good here right now. If
you are long, of course, equities today,
Asia Pacific is up some 2% and you're
seeing what really is driving that is
Japan. It's Korea today. Look at the
Cosby. We're back above 5100 and seeing
gains of more than 4 and a.5%.
>> Yeah,
>> the brokerages are certainly what's
rallying and
>> substantially. Substantially. No, I was
looking at some of the gains. It made me
just like uh
>> cough and lose your breath.
>> Breath a little bit. Yeah.
>> I mean, we're back to levels of this
time yesterday, right? So if you fell
asleep on Sunday, woke up today, you'd
be actually just better off just in
terms of net net stress-free and just oh
uh what happened? Nothing happened,
right? Um very quickly uh just to
mention too, so we are doing well and
perhaps the last piece of the puzzle
will be Indonesia when this one opens
up.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh later in a couple of minutes because
this one actually got completely
clobbered yesterday on the materials and
metals exposure. So we'll see what this
opens up in about a couple of minutes
from now. And you wonder this US India
trade deal is it enough to kind of lift
that what has been weighing on this
market here as well as the currency
right that the India open is very
crucial as well in the next two hours.
This is Bloomberg
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and yes, we are sitting pretty
pretty here today. We're up about 1%
when it comes to the hang back above
that 20,000 27,000 level here. Eight
shares are also seeing a recovery there
today. So certainly I think now that we
have seen at least some calm come back
to the commodity sort of space there uh
that certainly is helping you know the
rest of the markets and other asset
classes as well. the spillover effects
certainly we did see a little bit of
that in the last few days or so.
>> Yeah, some of the crowded trade, some of
the too overly leveraged trades uh
really I think blowing up is perhaps a
really good an apt way to describe what
happened yesterday and things because of
the com today we are getting some buying
maybe short covering um into into the
Tuesday session here. So we're up 4.7%
just speaking of one other market we're
tracking very closely which is the
Korean market. So Korea and Indonesia,
which we'll get to in a moment, really
led the losses yesterday. And it's going
the complete opposite way. In fact, flip
the page, please. Cosby is up about 5%.
Within that, we're still trying to
figure out what's driving specifically
these massive gains we're seeing across
the brokers there. Uh over in Korea, all
things equal, 2.3% in aggregate on the
regional benchmark. Indonesia is just
coming online and that market is still
struggling
uh for any positivity. We are opening
lower again in Indonesia half of 1% not
a lot but still missing the rally we're
seeing. It's very early of course so
we'll really wait uh for this one to
really get warmed up. Some of the big
stocks of course on your screens uh very
quickly perhaps the reason why we are
getting some stability today is a stable
dollar if not a weaker one. And of
course as you can see we're now 10%
higher on silver futures. copper just to
note too, right? You have Chinese copper
fabricators, manufacturers because of
the dip were said to be buying that dip
to replenish their inventory that's
after this price surge driven by
speculative trading in Shanghai really
keeping them away for weeks. That's that
and of course is also this precious
metal space that we were looking at.
>> There's a great story in the terminal
that talks about that $7 trillion, you
know, cash pile that, you know,
households have and where are they
putting that money? Well, it's been into
stocks, it's been into gold, right? So
you can imagine just, you know, maybe
some of these investors are really still
nursing their wounds here right now. Uh
when you take a look at state media and
the like recent volatility in the metals
market is prompting action from China's
major state-owned banks. The Securities
Daily reports that lenders are
tightening controls on gold investment
products and issuing risk warnings to
promote more prudent investing. Now big
banks like ICBC, China Construction
Bank, and Bank of Communications are
reportedly raising entry thresholds and
adding risk assessment requirements.
Now,
>> yeah, let's get more on the metal space
with our Asia energy and commodities
editor, Andrew James, is with us out of
Singapore to talk to us through the many
strands to this story. Andrew, let's
start with precious metals. What's the
what's the coverage like today?
>> Uh well, yeah, we're I guess we're
seeing some relative calm return to the
market. It's been a very dramatic fruit
few sessions with um you know those
really steep gains at the end of last
week and then the route of the last
couple of days. Um interestingly we've
seen retail buyers um in Singapore
queuing up to buy gold after the route
suggesting that retail demand is very
resilient. We've also got um Deutsch
Bank came out yesterday and said they
were um reiterating their forecast for
gold to get to 6,000 an ounce. So yeah,
we've seen the sharp pull back, but a
lot of those factors that drove precious
metals higher, the geopolitical
instability,
um the attacks on the Fed, the the
weaker dollar, they're still kind of
intact.
Okay. So, we're not quite maybe out of
the woods just yet, Andrew. But, uh,
what what's going on in copper, too?
Because, you know, there was a report
that, you know, the the fabricators, the
manufacturers are starting to actually
buy on this dip uh to replenish their
stock here ahead of the Lunar New Year
holiday. Is that enough to put a floor
on copper prices?
>> Yeah, it could set a bit of a floor. I
mean, Chinese uh fabricators and copper
processors are the world's biggest buyer
of the metal. they process it into rods,
wires. Um, and interestingly,
the last couple of weeks when copper
prices shot up, um, the the data we were
getting out of China was showing um, you
know, demand wasn't that great. um
showing that this was very much a rally
sort of that moved beyond fundamentals
and it was driven by this rotation into
into hard assets and a lot of
speculative buying in China. But now we
have seen the crash over the last couple
of days and there are reports that um
those buyers are getting back into the
market buying the dip and that should
set some kind of floor.
>> Andrew, thank you Andrew James. There
are Asia energy and commodities editor.
What a week it's been. Yeah,
>> for you guys. Uh, and what a week it's
been for Indonesia as well. We're
keeping an eye out on Jakarta here as
regulators work to shore up confidence
in the index. Take a look how the JCI is
looking at today. So, it it resumed
selling off on Monday following that 5%
in the worst performance across Asia.
Uh, today we are actually looking okay.
We're seeing some declines, but you
know, pretty much flat. Let's bring in
our Bloomberg Insight anchor, Helena
Amed. She's in Jakarta and joins us now.
Has you're there for a business
conference. I'm just wondering what do
you what are the conversations like on
the ground there given what we've been
seeing across this equity market now
>> I think sentiment is pretty much uh very
fragile at this stage it has been quite
shocking how Indonesia's story is
unraveling at such a rapid pace if you
recall just a week ago we had the GCI
you know hovering at record highs that
trillion dollar valuation was in sight
but no longer the case 5% uh further
dropped just yesterday and the rupia is
at the lowest level versus the USD. The
bond market aren't spared either. So
there is a crisis of confidence here. It
has been a convergence of a lot of
issues. You know questions around
governance, transparency, fiscal
discipline and that's affecting investor
sentiment. Don't forget the MSCI has
said Indonesia is at risk of being
downgraded and on the back of that we've
seen the likes of Goldman, UBS, even
Namura downgrading their rating on
Indonesia. So not a happy place for
Indonesia. What a reversal of fortune.
We know that policy makers have taken
steps. Uh they've asked Dantara, the
sovereign wealth fund to step in, buy
bonds, buy uh stocks in the country.
They've even revised the minimum um free
float of listed companies to 15%. That's
what the MSCI wanted. But that is still
not enough. This is again a crisis of
confidence. And that crisis of
confidence takes a long time to rebuild.
I want to take you back to just four
months ago when the former finance
minister Shrimulani Indraati was
unceremoniously
fired by President Praau. That some say
was the start of the unraveling of this
mistrust in the current government and
it'll be some time yet before that trust
can be rebuilt.
>> Yeah. Has give us a sense of who you'll
be speaking with. I guess it's just to
get a better understanding of how this
story is really likely going to evolve
over the coming weeks.
Well, I'm here at the Indonesian
Economic Summit and this is possibly
a very consequential meeting because
this is possibly the first time that
we'll be hearing from the government. I
mean, we want some perspective.
Investors want perspective amid this
backdrop. They want to know what
policies will be adopted. They want to
seek clarity on the measures taken so
far. They want to see what guardrails
will be implemented. And I'm really
looking forward to my conversation with
the finance minister Purbaya later this
afternoon. We'll get insights on, you
know, how he sees the rupia hovering at,
you know, levels we've not seen since
the Asian financial crisis at the lowest
level versus the USD. Is he comfortable
with the rupia is? Does he see the need
for bank Indonesia to step in and take a
look at where the markets are right now?
What can be done to reverse the
sentiment in the market? I mean, this is
an economy of what 280 million people in
archipelago with 70,000 islands with
great potential. We've been talking
about the potential in Indonesia for
years now that has yet to be realized.
And this is the man who took over the
finance position just for months ago.
The wait is on him to reverse what we're
seeing right now.
>> Has fantastic. Thank you. as Linda Amin
of course our co-anchor there uh in
Jakarta and just to also mention right
uh as if this market uh can't really
catch a break right so on top of all
everything we talked about there
inflation came out yesterday breaching
the target highest since 2022 talk about
a complication to consider fantastic
there we'll see we'll see what happens
with those conversations there with
house on the ground right coming up uh
we're headed back to Southeast Asia but
this time Singapore uh to speak with
Deso Aviation about the business of
business jets. Um so their civil
aircraft EVP joins us live in just a
moment.
It's time to head back to the Singapore
Air Show which is marking its 10th
edition this year and our colleague
Averil Hong is there with our next
guest. Averil.
>> Yeah guys, we know how business jet
makers they're not immune to some of
these geopolitical uncertainties. What
are the risks? What are the
opportunities? Joining me now, Carlos
Brana. He is executive VP of DASO
aviation civil aircraft. Carlos, always
great to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> We are talking on a day where these
geopolitical uncertainties continue to
swirl. We saw how aviation seems to be
back on Trump's radar. Last week, you
know, he's threatening these tariffs on
Canada, on Canadian certification of
jets as well. Is that a concern for you?
>> Well, actually, every authority has his
own concern. The authorities are working
for safety. So it's important that
everyone every authority establish his
own safety rules and we as a
manufacturer we have to obey them. So
actually with Transport Canada for
example we have all our airplanes are
certified. Uh they have rules that do
not exist necessarily in other countries
but does not prevent us to get
certification in any case. So you don't
think it's going to be a bit trickier
with certification with any of these
regulators going forward?
>> Hopefully not.
>> Okay. Talk to us about the relationship
though because it was only in July last
year that the US and Europe they achieve
that zero tariffs for aircraft products.
Then does this become a revolving sort
of situation as the year progresses? Is
that also a concern?
>> Of course. If those tariffs were
maintained that would be a concern
because the main market for business jet
is the United States. So of course but
on the other end you know that we have
uh you know agreements with the United
States which which were you know put in
place in 1979
and actually but they were changed uh
the 2nd of April of last year but they
came back you know to the uh normal
situation. Let's say normal being the
zero
>> the previous agreement and uh today
hopefully this will this will be the
same forever hopefully.
>> Are you feeling more uh calls from
prospective clients or clients that are
waiting for jet deliveries that maybe a
bit concerned about tariffs potentially
coming back and being an issue in any
way. It's it's sure that some uh some
people may be more cautious now when uh
when they order an airplane because they
don't want to pay the tariffs and nobody
wants to pay them as a matter of fact
but on the other end again the I seem
that the situation has stabilized so
hopefully it's for the long term and
it's interest
>> okay what are you seeing in terms of the
demand that's coming out from the US
market which I think is your most
important still
>> that's correct actually what we see is
that worldwide
the number of flight towers in business
jets is increasing and even over what we
had precoid. So uh of course we expect
you know certain demand in business jets
and that's actually what we are seeing
and of course in the United States like
in other countries as well I mean
Europe, Africa the Asian market and
actually the Asian market is a very
important market that the reason why by
the way we are here since you know
Singapore air show is the most important
air show of this area and that's where
we can have the most chances you know to
to uh to see and to uh convince people
of uh uh the interest of our airplanes.
>> Are you seeing any slowing in demand
from China? What are you seeing in that
market?
>> It's true that this this market was
intense I would say 10 years ago.
>> It has softened a little bit but you
know this this market can exist anytime.
I mean can you know
recover any time because when we look at
the Chinese situation uh in terms of
industrialization it's a very
industrialized country
>> so they need the uh tools to get even
better in terms of uh uh connectivity
the link between the countries and so on
and the business jet is a tool for that
and the second the size of the country
requires you know certain flexibility in
the transportation
So when you look at the size of China
compared to the chi size of the United
States about the same the industry
growing with a certain GDP in China
compared even compared to the United
States. So for us it's it's no question
that this Chinese market will increase
one day or the other.
>> Right. How is your Asia growth as strong
as you say it is though? If the Chinese
market is slowing where is that pick up
in demand coming from then? Now we have
other countries in the area. Uh so
Malaysia, Indonesia are good customers.
We have also Vietnam which is growing.
Uh Filipinos small market but you know
growing. The point is that for example
the geography of those countries is very
interesting because you have a lot of
islands
>> and also they are not very well uh let's
say deserve in terms of transportation
to go for example from one city in
Manila or one city in Indonesia direct
to the United States you had not so so
many airlines and not so many flights
and of course the business jet is a
flexible tool to allow people to get
their transportation needs filled with
you modest airplane going back and forth
wherever the the people they want to go.
>> What about the Indian market? What are
the opportunities you're seeing there? I
know the Indian market is uh is picking
up for us at least. We see that there is
a growing number of people. You know
there was this policy the make India
policy which has been established by the
government and uh of course the
industrialization of India is uh
extremely intense and of course they
need also the tools you know to u to go
everywhere when they want and uh you
know at the speed they can. So they want
to save time like any other industrial
people and so that's why the I think the
uh the market in India is growing as
well.
>> Now you sold 31 jets last year. Is that
going to be a better number in 2026?
>> Hopefully. Hopefully we're working on
it.
>> Working on it. And then does that also
mean you're ramping up production in
some way?
>> Again we're working on it as well.
>> Okay. What about when you look at the
Falcon 10X, right? That's the the next
up and cominging jet. Where are you on
testing and certification?
>> But we we will start um you know
certification as usual with the European
authorities which is a so European
agency and then after we will have the
certification with FA which is a federal
agency in the United States and then
after we will west spread little by
little. So but we'll start as usual with
Europe which is where we are established
anyway.
>> Yeah. How does it compare though the
Falcon 10X to what is already on the
market from Bombardier or Gulfream?
>> We we think the 10X will be a game
changer. The the most important feature
of the 10X beside the technology we're
going to put in the airplanes or the
flight control system the all the stuff.
We have also a bigger cabin and this
cabin will allow you know big people you
know to interact uh in an easier manner.
Uh we will have four rooms, four lounges
that you can accommodate nearly the way
you want. And uh in terms of size, speed
and so on, we are very comparable size.
S size-wise in terms we are much bigger,
but speedwise we are about the same as
the others.
>> Sounds very luxurious, Carlo. So we'll
leave it there for today. Good to chat
with you. Thank you so much. Always nice
to have a conversation. Uh sending back
to you guys, Ivonne.
>> Yep. We'll see you soon, April. And our
thanks of course to Carlos for that
discussion and we'll have more from the
Singapore Air Show coming up as well in
terms of the guests and what we're
expecting there from the Lion City.
We're speaking in a few minutes with the
president of Philippine Airlines about
the carrier's recent turnaround. You're
watching the China show. This is Uber.
All right, some big stories that we're
tracking for you today and perhaps why
tech is catching a bid here today was
what we saw in the US, right? Palunteer
shares jumped in late trade after its
fullear revenue forecast came in well
above Wall Street expectations. The
company sees annual sales of up to $7.2
billion, almost a billion above the
average estimate. Palunteer generates
most of its US revenue from government
contracts, including a deal with the
Department of Homeland Security. Oracle
closed lower in the US, though, after
announcing it was selling $25 billion of
investment grade bonds to help finance
infrastructure that powers AI projects.
The move has reassured investors that
the company won't strain its balance
sheet too much. Investors have placed
orders for as many as $126 billion of
oracle bonds, edging out a previous
record linked to Meta. A Bank of America
survey has found that US corporate bond
issuance from AI hyperscalers could
surge in 2026. Investors pulled expect
supply to reach up to $300 billion and
nearly 90% of investors anticipate
higher investment grade issuance while
concerns persist over rich valuations,
wider spreads and US tariffs.
>> Okay. Uh let's have a look at this. So
interesting dynamic and we've we've had
a milestone to give us an excuse to talk
about this. All right. So we know
obviously how SKH and Samsung have done
extremely well. They're doing extremely
well today. Um so much so that the
combined market cap of the two big Korea
stocks have now surpassed the combined
market cap of the OG Chinese internet
names like Tensson and Alibaba. Is this
a changing of the guard or is this just
a shifting in the current focus of the
market into memory away from platforms?
>> Yeah. And the way that these two come,
you know, these countries are kind of
going at the whole AI race, right? where
Korea has really positioned itself as
sort of the you know crucial part of the
global supply chain that fuels AI and
global tech whereas China is more about
self-sufficiency and the like right so
uh maybe that's why you're seeing much
more emphasis on you know the Korea side
of things here given as you mentioned
here how tight this memory chip cycle is
right now at the moment that maybe there
is more legs to this but it really is
that pivot to the infrastructure side of
things that investors are really still
very much attuned to right Yeah. And the
building blocks have become the memory u
instead of the sort of uh invidious of
the world. Um and yeah, I mean it's just
the two names you have to contend with,
right? The world the world leader and
then the contender which they're listed
in the same
>> at the end of the day. You take a look
at a company like Alibaba, you know, its
core business is still e-commerce,
right? It's not a full pure AI play.
>> No. No. Uh they're both tech though.
Okay. And sometimes we confuse the two.
All right. That's another kind of worms.
Um uh but yes, you can check out more of
that story. Of course, it's on the
Bloomberg terminal. this this this this
uh market cap uh rerating uh in terms of
the Korean markets there. Okay. Uh
couple of stocks we're tracking Z AI
Tool I think right 4% to the upside here
on this specific stock.
>> Um document recognition model was
released. So there's no way to hide your
bad report card now once your parents
get their hands on these AI models,
right? There's no way to get around that
C on your report card. U apart from
this, we're also looking at some of the
lagards across the Hen tech space here.
Speaking of right and okay, we're now
down quite so we okay, we just showed
you Alibaba and Tensen. Why not look at
them again? Uh quite show is down by
also down and the Hen techch index. We
talked about this level. It's now taken
out that specific 5500
level and how quickly those gains have
evaporated uh within the first hour of
the trading session. It's certainly
going the opposite way when you look at
Korea which we just showed you as well.
Asia rare earths are also coming up on
your screens and this is really down to
the story overnight out of the US and
what does it mean as pertains to of
course China's stronghold on the
industry here.
>> Yeah, you know project just project
vault right of how they're trying to
engage with you know private companies
and how they're going to make this kind
of 12 billion dollar mineral stockpile
that includes you know critical minerals
includes rare earth and the like as a
counter to China. as we talking to our
Nick Wanoms, you know, they're still
going to use the stuff that is that
comes from China, right? So, how this is
all going to be implemented is still up
for discussion here, but then again,
it's enough to kind of lead uh all these
Asia rare earth stocks to be higher here
this morning. And we're still watching
the auto sector in China as well.
>> Yeah, the big news coming overnight um
out of uh Chinese regulators, they are
now looking to ban um these hidden
Cardor handles. They are giving time for
the industry though to adjust to the
timetable given of course a lot of the
models these days in fact I think the
majority of the most popular models do
have these features in place so we are
seeing some cost implications it'll take
a few days of course for us to really
figure out the broader implications of
quite a material move on the part of
regulators here.
>> Yep. So Neo Lee Auto Xpong Xiaomi they
all have set of models that feature such
sort of handles as well. Perhaps that's
why you're seeing Neo down close to 3%
here. We have plenty more to come. This
is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading into that lunch break. And
yeah, we're having a pretty good sort of
lunch session here as we take a look at
this recovery that we're seeing when it
comes to equities. Japan is up some 3%
when it comes to Nikki225 topics. There
is that 10-year bond sale that we have
to deal with in just a bit. Uh yields
are ticking up higher by one basis
points on the 10-year JGB. The yen
though is stronger this morning just
slightly.
>> Yeah. Uh we've had the
walking back somewhat of the comments
coming through the prime minister on the
weekend talking about how she was not
specifically
talking about the the benefits of a weak
currency on the economy. I think the
clarification that's come out is that
they need to build an economy that is
resilient to volatile moves in the
currency. There we go. That was the the
clarification that's come through
earlier on as well. Okay. Um so 3% in
Japan, 5% in Korea, declines across a
lot of the big tech plays in Hong Kong.
All things equal about 1.8% on the
benchmark.
US futures are also doing okay. Um with
the exception of two uh sectors today,
most are actually seeing uh some massive
gains, you know, including but not
including. the IT sector of course
that's more a Korea and Japan play today
than it is uh one that is of course here
in greater China where we are seeing
some pressure coming through across
Chinese tech um and apart from that so
there's a rates decision coming through
as well in Oz
>> yeah this could be the Uturn that
everyone's watching out for when it
comes to central banks as well the RBA
rate call just about an hour from now
and really we take a look at what the
majority is is that they're calling for
a hike for the RBA to tackle resurgent
inflation less than 6 months after the
last cut. But let's bring in James
McIntyre from Economics. Yeah, you know,
he thinks that things are not so
clear-cut. He joins us now from Sydney.
Uh James, yeah, tell us a bit more about
that. Is it more looking like a hike or
or a pause today for the RBA?
>> Thanks, Ivon. Well, look, it's it's one
of those very finely balanced things.
And when it's when it comes to that,
there's going to be some who are on the
balance on the side of thinking that the
RBA might uh instead of hiking uh blink
this time around. That's where that's
where uh my forecast is and has been for
some time. And and really it comes down
to what the RBA's view is about this
inflation data that we've had a little
bit in the September quarter and then
again with the December quarter data
about how much of that they think is uh
temporary.
We could use that transitory word that
we uh that we heard from the Fed all
those years ago that's now a dirty word.
Um I know right. Um or whether some of
it is is an enduring u you know
inflation spike that warrants a policy
response and then it's really going to
be a question of well how much of a
policy response is this a return to a
hiking cycle for the RBA? We don't think
so. Um if they were to move it would
more be a oneanddone type insurance
policy move. So, there's a a few moving
pieces, but the big key thing today is
what does the RBA think? Is this a
temporary uh inflation uh bump that
we're going to move through or is it
something that's going to get them to
actually uh pull the lever and and
deliver that hike?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Because you could make the
case, James, if they hike today, given
that the last the the last move was six,
seven months ago and it was to the
opposite, you know, was that a mistake?
Why didn't we see this pick up in the
data at this point in time? I mean, six
months is a very short period of time
really for an economy to turn. How do
you think they will qualify that in the
press briefing? If indeed they hike, how
will they prevent the risk of markets
moving in a very hawkish direction and
getting ahead of themselves here?
>> Well, look, the market's response if
they do hike would probably be that way
anyway because of a hike is not fully
priced in. So the mere act of them
actually lifting that up would be a
little bit of upside to where market
pricing is even if it is just the one
hike. But you're right that commentary
will be incredibly important. How do
they frame it in terms of taking uh a
little bit of a a short-term move uh as
an insurance uh hike so to speak uh or
do they signal that this is going to be
an enduring tightening cycle? We think
it's really not likely to be the latter.
That's because of what's going on within
the economy. Growth is okay. It's pretty
good. It's in line with where they were.
The unemployment rate, the labor market
that was showing a little bit stronger
on one particular month, but the overall
trend is one of private sector
employment and hiring within the economy
being quite weak still. They need a
turnaround there uh given what is
expected to happen with public sector
driven jobs. That's likely to slow. and
and then this inflation, you know, is
there really going to be enough of a
demand pull within the economy? It's
unlikely that that looks to be the case
from the activity data to give this uh
one-off spike that is these temporary
factors to give it a new lease on life.
That mix suggests that you know you
could make the case to hike today and
markets have done that. Most of the uh
the economists have that's where the
consensus is sitting. But beyond that,
articulating a new or resuming a
returning to a hiking cycle after having
just delivered only three rate cuts, a
very shallow uh easing cycle. We we
think that that's probably a little bit
too much to see from the RBA today.
>> James, thank you. James McIntyre there
joining us from our Bloomberg economics
team. And subscribers can also turn to
the terminal for more on this. TIV go is
your function for the latest updates
plus commentary analysis from our expert
editors. Right. That that decision
coming through in just about an hour's
time, 2:30 p.m. Sydney, and of course
followed by that press conference with
Governor Michelle Bulock.
>> Okay. Uh the other big story we're
tracking is India and of course futures
are going to tell you why in a moment
here. Big move overnight. A further 1%
move to the upside in the Asian session
ahead of the open in about an hour from
now. The trade deal with the US may
entice global investors to finally
return to Indian equities which of
course logged their worst January uh in
about 10 years or so. Our Asia equities
reporter Ashto jo is with us out of
Mumbai to tell us about this. How vital
do you think this is for Indian equities
and the catalyst we have uh been waiting
for for so long now.
>> Hi uh thanks for having me on the show.
Uh perhaps this is the day uh markets in
India and investors have been waiting
for almost last one year. Uh Indian
equities as well as uh Indian rupee and
other assets underwent a massive
underperformance. Uh in last one year
starting from 2025 uh Indian equities
have trailed uh their Asian and emerging
market peers. A part of this
underperformance also comes that from
the fact that India was unable to uh
confirm any trade agreement with the US.
Uh in fact among major markets uh India
was the first one to overcome the
initial impact of the trade uh or
tariffs. Uh but later on India struggled
to finalize any deal with the US. Um to
add to that, India was imposed penalty
25% uh by the US administration for its
purchases of uh Russian oil. Uh put
together this all weighed on Indian
equities as well as Indian rupee which
has been languishing at its record low
levels against the dollar. uh what this
deal means to uh the Indian markets uh
is that uh there is a case for sharp
recovery uh in in uh Indian equities and
more than that uh the global
attractiveness for India to invest in
India can now come back.
>> Yeah, I mean this is I guess one big
drag and has really been weighing on
this this equity market this trade deal.
Now that we have a bit of a clarity, do
you think this is going to help Indian
stocks overcome their long patch of
underperformance against most of its
Asian peers?
>> Yeah, it it's hard to say at this point
uh whether India can fully recover from
the slump. Uh because it's been almost
more than a year uh in fact since start
of 2026. This year we saw uh Indian uh
equities especially extending this
underperformance.
month of January was the worst start to
a new year for Indian equities in almost
a decade. Uh but but all these factors
uh now there is a potential uh can
reverse. Uh there is definitely a case
that Indian equities can cut down some
of the underperformance. Again we have
to uh keep it keep in mind here that uh
India has very little place uh in terms
of the AI trade the hot AI trade that
many of Asian uh markets have benefited
from. uh but at the same time uh India's
valuation premium uh which was among the
highest uh over the regional peers that
has uh shrunk to some extent and that
also makes uh Indian stocks uh slightly
affordable for global investors.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned right that that
valuation premium for India has actually
shrunk to the lowest in in what almost 5
years.
uh is that going to be enough for people
to come back into this market? What are
some of the key sectors you expect to
outperform?
Yeah, labor intensive sectors such as
textile, gems and jewelry
and and pharmaceuticals are some of the
sectors where India has exports uh to
the US. Obviously because of lack of any
trade agreement uh these uh sectors had
suffered. uh some of them uh managed to
continue their contracts by taking uh
cost um
cost and uh other uh expenses lowering
down other expenses uh but now with
tariffs coming down at par with Asian
some of the Asian countries in fact
lower than some of India's competitors
in textile segments such as Bangladesh
these industries can look forward uh to
scale back some of the businesses that
they lost. Uh labor intensive industries
are the one area where where India
continues um its exports to US and these
will be the sectors to watch.
>> Okay, that as the chart just shows our
viewers the move in the futures from
overnight
does suggest we could erase the losses
from January the worst one in 10 years.
Market reaction we'll be watching
closely Ashto. Thank you so much as
Joshi there, of course, our Asia
Equities reporter. Coming up here on
shows, we're back live at the air show
in Singapore. Uh, and continue with the
president of Philippine Airlines. A
closer look at their successful
turnaround next and where it goes. This
is Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. So, we're turning
our attention now to Philippine Airlines
uh on the back of course of the 10th
edition of the Singapore Air Show. And
it's really been quite a turnaround here
for for the carrier, right? Since the
pandemic, uh since then, of course, it's
managed to reemerge um stronger than
ever. In fact, when you look at the
timeline and quite a short period of
time really in terms of just being able
to turn the corporate around, right? So
September 2021,
it filed for bankruptcy. And since that
point in time, actually early uh 2022,
going into where we are right now,
profitability every single quarter, a
brief look at the timeline since that
bankruptcy, it's emerged from Chapter
11. Shortly after that, it posted its
first fullyear
profit um in March of 2023. But since
that point in time, it's actually been
reporting some uh quarterly profit. Um
and of course the latest milestone here
around this time around December last
year about 10 months back it hiked capex
to around 450 that's million US dollars
and as we were pointing out 15 or 16 uh
I believe straight quarters there of
profits right now for the Philippine
flag here which I believe I think is
still no I think that's their tagline
the oldest u airline in the Asia
Pacific. Let's bring in Averil Hong of
course my colleague she's there at the
Singapore air show. Averil.
Yeah, David, we're joined now by Richard
Nuttle. He's president of Philippine
Airlines, and we want to get his view on
where things are going. Richard, it's
good to see you. Uh, you took the helm
at Philippine Airlines not so long ago.
How do you think progress has been given
the geopolitical backdrop, tariff
issues, supply chain issues as well?
>> Um, so it's a really exciting time, Ail,
to be at Philippine Airlines. Um, as
we've seen, um, the results have been
very positive for the last four years
since the airline restructured. Um,
we've had four years that have been, uh,
positive, um, on the bounce. Um, and the
reality is that we're about halfway
through a journey. Um, so we went
through the restructuring and since then
we've sort of been stabilizing the
operation. Um, many airlines had issues
coming out of COVID with engines and
fleet. Um, and I think the real success
there was that last year, um, we were
awarded the most ontime airline in
Southeast Asia from Syri, which is
perhaps a turnaround from what people
used to think of PAL. So, we're in a
great place there. Um, we've also just
taken delivery um of our first 350. So,
it's quite exciting times. Um, and I
think as an airline, we've sort of
clarified where we see ourselves going
forward. I think there's been sort of
perhaps a lack of clarity in the past.
Are we competing with Sibu Pacific? Are
we competing with the full service
carriers? And I think we're very clear
that the future is as a full service
carrier. So um you know, we're now
entering a period of growth um and a
period of upgrading the product. Um and
yeah, it's exciting times.
>> What are the headwinds though that
you're seeing, Richard, from the tariff
backdrop?
Um so I think that for us um you know
the the impact there has been some
impact but it's not been that high. I
mean North America still remains very
strong. Um I think coming out of co it
was abnormally strong because of sort of
revenge travel. Uh but it still remains
quite strong. I think we've seen a
little bit more weakness perhaps in
North Asia. Perhaps people have been
keeping their money in their pockets
until they see how things go. Um but
yeah, I mean we're we're okay. I mean
things slowed a little bit but not much.
And GDP growth in the Philippines is 6%.
So Philippine outbound um has been
making up for perhaps some slight
weaknesses in other markets.
>> We have been seeing though out of the US
sometimes a bit of volatility when it
comes to immigration, visa policy. Has
that not affected passenger demand at
all between some of your markets and the
US?
So no, it's there's definitely been an
impact. I think we would say that the
passenger demand on a roundtrip basis
last year was flat where it had been
growing. Uh but I think we saw more
competition. Um also perhaps other
countries were not seeing it flat. They
were seeing a decline. So we've got more
airlines trying to take the the trade to
and from the Philippines. So there's
definitely been a slight softening.
Although in practice, you know, we
haven't really seen any major impact on
visas for for Filipinos. Um, people have
still been able to get in and out.
There's been more of a concern when
something goes wrong, it goes viral, but
in absolute numbers, there's not really
been much of a difference. And as I say,
the market still remains very strong for
us.
>> Richard, David, here in Hong Kong, uh,
new new roots.
>> Hi, David.
>> This year, how are you thinking? How are
you thinking about new routes and
perhaps expanded capacity?
>> Yeah, so we're looking probably to start
up to seven new routes this year. Um,
you know, we've announced three of them.
Um, we've announced uh, uh, Palao,
Saipan. Um, we've also added Guam from
Sibu. Um, and I think we've got perhaps
another four coming. Um, but we still
need to put those through the board. So,
uh, you'll have to wait a little bit
before I can tell you what they are. But
um if you look this year, our fleet's
going to go from 82 to about 90, but a
lot of that is happening towards the
fourth quarter. So I think you'll see
the real growth um as we go into 2027.
>> What about how much you can tell us
about the traffic between China and the
Philippines now that you're seeing? Uh
is it giving you enough confidence to
eventually fully restore services there?
Well, so I mean we still fly to pretty
much most of the destinations we used to
fly. We're just flying with less
frequency. Um we are hopeful that the
new um visa regulation which allows the
Chinese to come um with no visa charge
for 2 weeks um will help. Um the
announcement's only just been made so
we're watching very closely and if we
see an uptick in demand then we've got
the ability to add capacity. I mean,
China's the only real market that is way
below what it was pre-COVID. So, we
really see in the longer term there's a
lot of upside there, but we're just
we're still at the stage of watching
very closely. Uh, but as I say, we're
ready to put capacity in as we see
things change and we're we're
optimistic.
And of course, you still need to get
that through the board, but I'd be
remiss of my duty as a journalist to not
ask a followup there on the four. If you
I understand you can't be specific, but
I guess are we talking short hall here
or are we talking long haul?
>> Um, we're talking medium to long. Um,
and I'll give you a teaser. There's one
very big market that we're not in at the
moment. So, uh, see if you can work out
which one which that one is.
>> Oh, you'd be surprised how powerful AI
can be, Richard. We'll we'll we'll see
if our producers can work up that magic
in a moment. Richard, very quickly, we
we talked about the capex spend. 450
million I think is what was laid out
last year. Um how are you doing as far
as cash is concerned? Do you need to
raise any money?
>> Um so at the moment we are okay for for
cash. Um but we are looking at our
options. Um I think you know after four
years of profits um we're looking at
whether we can go out and we're looking
at sources of of raising capital. We're
looking to see perhaps if we can get a
rating. We're debating that at the
moment. Um because longer term that will
give us more flexibility. Um as I say,
at the moment we're okay. Um our balance
sheet is looking pretty strong. Um but
you know, this industry is fickle. So
you want to make sure that you've got
the ability to go back to the markets if
we need to, you know, accelerate some of
the work that we want to do in terms of
expanding the fleet and retrofitting um
existing aircraft.
Richard, you touched on some of this
earlier in terms of perhaps clearing the
air on how you are engaging in terms of
competition with the lowerc cost
carriers. How do you see the longterm
trajectory on that front?
>> Well, so I think if you look at the
Philippines, we have um two very
different markets. um you know we've got
the longhaul markets particularly to the
US where we very definitely um compete
as a fullervice carrier um and you know
we've got our own advantages there in
terms of Philippine cost base um if you
look regionally particularly in the
Philippines um it's much more of a
lowcost market there are three or four
markets in the Philippines that have
front end demand uh but the rest are
very much at the back end and there we
compete with a very very dense aircraft
um and I think in the region and it
actually tends to be a little bit more
complicated. Uh but I think we're now
clear that we need to upgrade the
product particularly in the premium
cabins um for the for the business
traffic. Uh but we'll still look to keep
the seating in in the back reasonably
dense so that we can still compete with
the LCC's where we need to.
>> Richard, I just had a look at AI and
let's blame the algorithm if I'm wrong
here. So we'll see. You don't have to
you can just nod, but I'll use this as a
as a parting point here. medium hall,
three to seven hours, maybe some
destinations in South Asia or the Middle
East. I won't go into details, Richard.
Fantastic. Thank you uh for joining our
shows today. The president there of
Philippine Airlines. Maybe we can talk
about those foreign routes once that
goes through the board. Right. Coming up
here, our coverage of the Singapore Air
Show continues as risks across the
geopolitical space fueling prices
globally. Ayata is joining us. Share the
outlook for 2026. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're checking. Oh, HST
continues to be a down arrow story
there. We're down another close to 3%
here. If we continue this way, we look
to be extending that fall into a bare
market, right? that 20% uh we have
dropped here since reaching that October
2nd high Dave.
>> Yeah. So across the names pulling the
index down today. So it's you have of
course index of 30 stocks 24 down six or
higher. The larger ones though as
pertains to market cap. Um so you have
10 cent you have Alibaba.
Um you have Xpong you have Neo all down
uh over 2 and a half% each. Qua show
tech is down 6 and a.5%. Uh so really
the drag across that market and really
just to juxtapose that with a tech rally
we're seeing elsewhere
>> when you're seeing 30% gains in Samsung
and SKH high certainly you know the the
market seems to be more interested in
what's going on in the whole global
supply chain side of things and memory
chips for example but yes India opens up
coming up next so against this backdrop
of pretty good markets here we'll see
how India fares after of course US and
India agree on a trade deal the market
open in India coming up this is
Bloomberg